refactor: validate only account ID structure in warden and eth address decoding (#3288)
0xMiden/protocol: CHANGELOG.md

### Changes
- [BREAKING] Hardened multisig auth and account code construction: rejected duplicate procedure roots (`AccountCode::from_parts` is now fallible) and duplicate approver public keys, unenforceable procedure threshold overrides, out-of-range `get_signer_at` indices, and foreign roots in `set_procedure_policy` ([#3246](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3246)).
- [BREAKING] Change proving from being `async` to `sync` ([#3281](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3281)).

> - `warden::set_warden` and agglayer's `eth_address::to_account_id` now validate only the structure of an account ID (`account_id::validate_structure`) instead of also requiring version one, so these components no longer hard-code the set of supported account ID versions into their code commitments ([#3288](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3288)).

Author: ```suggestion
- `warden::set_warden` and agglayer's `eth_address::to_account_id` now validate only the structure of an account ID (`account_id::validate_structure`) instead of also requiring version = 1 ([#3288](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3288)).
```
